Fix language and typos (#979)
grafana/grafana-infinity-datasource: docs/sources/setup/installation.md

# Installing Infinity data source plugin

There are multiple ways to install this plugin into your Grafana instance

## Install from grafana.com

Install the plugin from [grafana.com plugins page](https://grafana.com/grafana/plugins/yesoreyeram-infinity-datasource/?tab=installation) using the instructions provided there. With this installation, you will get the latest published version of the plugin.

## Install from github

> Download the required version of release zip file from [github](https://github.com/grafana/grafana-infinity-datasource/releases) and extract into your grafana plugin folder. Then, restart Grafana.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Download the required version of release archive from [GitHub](https://github.com/grafana/grafana-infinity-datasource/releases) and extract into your Grafana plugin folder. Then, restart Grafana.
```
